I think art is taking your experience
and synthesizing it into something that
can connect with other people
I'm spoken-word artists I'm a drama an
ascender I'm a painter I'm a writer I am
a full-time clay artists I am a dancer
the life as an artist it's kind of a
lonely life if you do not have contact
with other artists and with other you
know people like-minded sort of people
it's been a great experience actually to
live in a place like this where
everybody who lives here it's an artist
the best thing about living here in this
art building is the friendships that
have been made and the community that we
have with each other a lot of people
come to my place to hang out at night
and we sit around my kitchen counter bar
and have amazing conversations this has
been a great space for me for you know
to live workspace so I've been able to
economize in many ways first of all I
don't have to drive to work every day
and then also you know I have this place
where I can do the art and live and be
part of a community I think that's the
main been the main benefit to me not
working a simple I can just go
downstairs always constantly running
into creative people and people trying
to do things that I'm trying to do i
would say living in this environment has
changed my career path i am really able
to focus and hone in on my art and i'm
surrounded by people with similar
focuses and dedication i am really
motivated by a lot of the young people
live in the building who have fabulous
gigs going on all the time and they're
really trying new things and they're out
there and they're scary and their
inspirational because they make me want
to do that or they make me want to like
change my game a little bit I believe
that that artists are vital to any
community that they serve in and an
artistic community is important to to
the overall community the ability to be
able to talk about what's going on with
you but also talk about what's going on
in the community creates a healthier
person in the community
I appreciate having people who get it
you know they get what I do they
understand the difficulties of living
sort of an alternative life so we have
one another to bounce things off our and
celebrate with it's like a big community
a big family so when it happens like
that you're motivated to you know
improve on your art and your craft or
whatever you got going on and and so I'm
just grateful to be to be living in a
community like this